Here comes the new dad.
He's not my new dad.
I was Starman's sidekick.
- It's you.
- I'm looking for Pat Dugan.
Name's Sylvester Pemberton.
We stopped that freak together.
I'm Stargirl.
And that's my sidekick.
- Great.
- Hi. I'm Courtney.
- I'm Beth.
This is the table
for the singles.
The losers.
- The Gambler.
He's one of the most cunning
criminal masterminds
in the world.
All Eclipso did was
make me believe in people
even more.
You asked Cindy Burman
to help you stop Eclipso?
I wanna join the JSA.
Crusher,
what are you doing here?
We didn't come back to town
for revenge on you
and the Scooby Gang.
The house next door sold.
Howdy, neighbor!
What the...
Settle in,
as we're about to begin
a tale of trust,
a tale of heartache,
and a tale of murder.
All right. Nice!
- Hello, Maria.
Morning, Zeke.
- Good morning, Deb.
- Good morning, Darryl.
How have you been?
Want the usual?
Pedal, Jakeem!
Pump those feet!
That guy is spooksville.
Let's split!
both: Good morning!
- Breakfast!
Bacon and eggs.
What the hell?
- Bye, Dorothy.
- Bye.
- ♪ Make our bed
- Bye, guys. See ya.
- Bye, Yolanda!
Would you like some help
with that?
It looks kind of--pretty big.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
All right, Crock team.
Let's go, let's go, let's go!
Home sweet home.
Hey.
Good day, good sir.
- Hey.
all: ♪ Today
Well, trip's over, Mike.
Hey, no use
complaining about it now.
Why do you try sitting in the
back seat of a car for 12 hours
when you know we have
a flying robot at home, Pat?
Welcome home,
Star family.
Hey, Sylvester.
How you doing?
Hey, buddy.
Oh, who's a good boy?
Who's a good boy?
Well, how was the trip?
- Memorable.
- Horrendous.
Surprisingly busy.
It was great.
Pat, the stache.
You left home a boy
and came back a man.
Are you kidding?
Look at him.
He looks like an evil Pat Dugan
from a parallel universe.
You know, facial hair
is a man's birthright, Mike.
You'll understand
when you start shaving.
I shave.
Do you?
Oh, my God.
Sylvester,
you fixed everything?
This marble looks expensive.
- Whoa.
Well, a house guest
needs to earn his keep.
You know, Mike and I
actually had that
on a list of things to do.
Yeah.
both: What list?
Whoa.
- What do you think?
- It's amazing.
- It's neat, huh?
- And no more cobwebs.
That was the hardest part,
I think.
Oh,
where's Cosmo's crate?
In the garage,
because I made a new one.
A display case.
Right by your bed...
I think he likes it.
Look at that.
- Oh. Oh.
Maybe the case is overkill.
I-I just didn't know how
to thank a big, golden stick.
I mean, the Staff's the reason
why I'm not dead now.
I've been wanting
to talk to you about that,
but I didn't wanna be rude.
Oh, how I'm back?
Yeah, I'm still trying
to figure that out exactly.
Did I mention that I woke up
in my own coffin?
Yeah. I used to be
a pretty cool superhero,
but it's hard to keep your cool
when you're buried alive.
So I did a lot of screaming.
And when I dug myself out,
I somehow was completely fine.
I don't understand it,
but I think when you formed
the bond with Cosmo over there,
it woke up the bond
I have with him too.
If-if you're reconsidering
what you said
about letting me
keep the Staff,
just tell me now
so I can figure out what--
Oh, no. No, no.
The Staff, it chose you.
It did.
I'm done being Starman.
What is it?
I thought that you were excited
that Sylvester's here.
No, I-I am, Pat.
I just...
What?
He put a lot of hard work
into building
that display case.
And then he was talking
about the bond
he has with the Staff.
Yeah. But see, I think that's
exactly why he can show you
how to do things with it
that I never could.
I think that there's
a real opportunity here, Court,
for you to learn
directly from him.
He really knows
what he's doing.
And while he teaches you
how to be a better Stargirl,
I can help him figure out
how to navigate
his life post-Starman.
Welcome home, neighbors!
- Howdy!
- Hi!
Thank you.
Oh, please tell Barbara
we have got to get together
for coffee.
I will.
She'll be thrilled.
She won't.
Boy...
- Hey, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
Well, I'm locking the door.
We have to learn
to trust them.
Trust who?
The Crocks?
Are you kidding me?
They're not our enemies anymore.
Hey, you're very trusting,
all right?
And that's a great quality,
but when it comes
to people like that,
you gotta be very careful.
We can really make
a difference in the world, Pat.
We can help the bad guys
break... good.
If we could all learn
to trust each other,
not only would we
be better people for it,
but no matter what evil
comes our way next,
if we're on the same side
like we were against Eclipso,
we'll be unstoppable.
- Well, hold on.
- It's locked.
- Yeah.
Ah, yes.
Good day, Miss Whitmore,
Mr. Dugan.
I am here to make amends.
Oh, and I brought your mail.
Now, I realize my reappearance
in Blue Valley is,
well, a surprise to you both
and maybe even a worry.
I'm sorry to admit,
but, well,
I've come straight
to your doorstep
to assure you fine folks
that my intentions
are only to follow
the wonderful examples
that the others in my ilk
have set forth.
See, Gambler, old buddy,
the thing is,
you're not afforded the same
courtesy that other people are.
Why ever not, Mr. Dugan?
Well,
while you were on the run,
everyone else helped us
save Blue Valley.
Yes, I heard all about
that devilish business
with the Black Diamond
and Eclipso.
Ooh.
Heard it from who?
"From whom" would be proper.
Needless to say, I--
well, I've had a change
of heart myself as of late.
And what exactly caused this
so-called change of heart?
Well, trying to hide traces
of me in the digital world,
I uncovered a birth certificate
from some years back.
I have a daughter.
Her name's Becky.
Her mother gave her up
for adoption,
so I'm having trouble
locating her.
You wanna be a father?
Is that what you're saying?
Oh, I have
no delusions there.
I am not a role model
for anyone to look up to,
not like you.
No, sir.
I know that.
But what I can do is apologize
to the people I've wronged
and become a productive member
of this community
in hopes that...
In hopes that
if my daughter wants
to have some kind of
relationship with me someday,
well then, maybe
I'll be worthy of one.
And why does she
matter to you so much?
My own father abandoned me, and...
It put me on a bad path,
I think.
I don't want my daughter
to go through life
thinking I abandoned her.
I want her to know I love her.
That's all.
Hey.
Hey!
Morning, bud.
Crusher, it's 5:30
in the morning.
What are you doing
in my kitchen?
- I'm making breakfast.
What you are actually
doing, it's trespassing.
You're gonna love this.
Wheatgrass, spirulina,
bee pollen,
and just a pinch
of testosterone.
No offense.
- Yeah.
My testosterone's fine, thanks.
And I'm good on the juice.
So tell me:
what was that putz
doing here yesterday?
Who?
The Gambler.
Yeah?
Why didn't you and the kid
lock him up?
Hey, we're dealing with it.
Let me tell you something.
That Kentucky-fried felon
is not to be trusted.
No matter what he says,
he's only ever been
in this life for the money.
That's all he cares about.
- Thanks for the intel.
Um, what is going on?
Oh, Crusher broke in.
Door was unlocked.
I'm just trying
to get your old man
back into the program.
Okay, listen.
Juicer.
That's on us.
First one's free, and I'll
see you at Ripped City.
Grand reopening today, huh?
- Yeah.
- New bod, new life.
- Stop. Stop.
Hey, remember what happened
last time we fought.
- Yeah.
- Almost killed you.
You wish.
Whoo!
Later!
We gotta start
locking the doors, all right?
Um...
Maria, my dear, I-I--I'm afraid
it's still not quite right.
Darn it.
And I think
you still might be
scalding the tea
just a touch.
But I do appreciate the effort.
Steven Sharp,
The Gambler.
Good morning, Mr. Swift.
Do you mind if I sit?
- Yes, I do. Very much.
Well, I'll only take
but a moment of your time.
Now, before we begin
this parlay of sorts,
well, it occurred to me
that I've never told you
how much I admire
your sophisticated
and refined sense of style.
What do you want?
- To reform.
- Oh...
Well, like you,
for my daughter.
Her name is Becky.
You have no daughter
like you have no scruples.
You're not fooling anyone.
So I suggest
you leave Blue Valley
before Courtney Whitmore
and the others find out
whatever it is
you're really up to.
Or I do.
Well, I assure you,
Mr. Swift,
my daughter is very real.
Mm.
Well, I've simply come here
to extend an apology
for our disagreements
of the past.
Now, when you left the ISA,
I'm certain that me draining
all your bank accounts
was displeasing, to say...
Go.
Yes, but of course.
I do hope you find
a good cup of tea.
This is what happens when you
forgive one of the bad guys.
They all come running
for handouts.
Okay, we don't know
if The Gambler
is up to something bad.
Of course we don't, Court.
He's not gonna tell us.
None of them are,
especially Cindy.
She stabbed me in the back,
and she'll do it to you too
first chance she gets.
I have enough problems
with my parents.
If they catch me sneaking
out of the house again,
I wouldn't be surprised if they
ship me off to boarding school.
I told you guys, yellow
and black are Rick's colors.
I like my cape.
I don't need a new costume.
Just take another look
at the design.
Laser lemon.
It just--it sounds
so superhero!
I gotta go, okay?
Love you. Bye.
- Okay, honey. Love you.
Bye. Have a great day--
- Have a great one, Be--
Shouldn't have given them
this number.
Yum. What's that?
Oh, crispy chicken
over turmeric,
lemon, cabbage, and peas.
My parents made it.
Breakfast too.
Mmm.
Hey, guys.
all: Hey.
- No luck with Grundy, huh?
I've buried him everywhere
The Shade's told me to.
"In a clear field
under a full moon.
Between two oak trees."
Whatever he says,
but nothing ever happens.
Maybe The Shade is lying.
Maybe Grundy's
never coming back.
Hi.
Welcome back to school, JSA.
Hi, Cindy.
I guess me sitting here means
this isn't the losers' table
anymore.
It never was.
So... wow.
All five of us here.
Um, so I wanna start
this team meeting
by talking about teamwork.
Oh, I-I made some notes.
- Ooh.
- Uh...
First, we have to wipe
the slate clean, all of us.
If I can look beyond the past
with Cindy,
so can all of you.
Not necessarily.
Get over your trauma already.
We don't want you here.
Get it?
- Yolanda, we all agreed to--
- No, Court.
You and Beth agreed
to invite her into the JSA.
Yolanda and I, we voted no.
- Oh, so I'm the tiebreaker.
- You don't get a vote.
- Can I get back to my notes?
- Yeah.
Can we just skip down
to "Starman's back"?
'Cause I'm dying to know
what the deal is.
That's the real elephant
in the room.
Isn't it, gang?
It's great
that Starman is back.
We all thought he was dead
like Dr. McNider.
So how lucky are we?
He thinks
the Staff did it some--
What about the Staff?
What now?
Sylvester's gonna show me
how to use it.
But you already know
Well, apparently
it has a few more tricks
up its proverbial sleeve,
so that's exciting.
Yeah! Go, team!
Whoo!
Artemis,
what are you talking about?
They're losers.
What was that
"go team" about?
I don't know.
Are you sure?
Because it seems like
anyone can join the JSA now.
I'll see you later then, teammate.
I'll wait till she gets back.
Pat. Okay.
What you did with the
Rocket Racer was unbelievable.
But this robot?
I mean, it's spectacular.
- Thanks.
If the rest of the JSA
were alive to see this,
I mean, they'd be begging you
to sit at the table.
Well, I put a lot
of work into it.
Yeah, but you need
more recognition.
I mean, look at this bad boy.
You gotta show me
what it can do.
I wanna see this sucker fly.
I'm dying to.
Please, for old times' sake.
Let's do it.
- Great.
- Okay.
I'm gonna grab the Staff.
The Staff?
Well, Pat, how am I
gonna keep up with it?
It'll be quick.
- Yeah.
Sylvester, just--
- Oh, and Pat.
And I think I forgot
to say this outright,
but thanks for giving me
a place to stay
and to make me feel welcome.
- Of course.
- I really mean it.
To see you with your family,
succeeding and happy,
makes me happy too.
Thanks, Sylvester.
Hello, Barbara.
Paula, what are you
doing here?
I need to talk to you.
- About what?
- My daughter.
I realize Artemis has a history
with Courtney and her friends,
like us with you,
but she desperately
wants to join
the... Justice Society
of America.
And if she wants that, so do I.
Oh.
I just hope Courtney
doesn't hold grudges
or punish her
for the past actions
of myself and my husband
'cause that'd be a real shame,
potentially
with real consequences.
Well, who's in the JSA
isn't up to me.
It's up to them.
So Artemis,
she's such a great kid.
She'll prove herself
if she has to.
Just watch.
Where are you, Becky?
- Race you.
- You're on!
Come on, S.T.R.I.P.E.
Catch up!
That poor guy looked like
he was gonna have
a heart attack!
- Oh, my Lord!
I couldn't believe the look
on that pilot's face.
Yeah, because there was
a huge robot staring at him.
But next time, I take the nose,
you take the rear.
'Cause--no, no, because I was--
- Hey, don't.
Don't blame yourself,
'cause that thing
was heavier
than we both thought.
I mean, it was a 7.7--
- Hi.
Oh, hey.
Howdy, folks.
- You took the Staff?
- Yeah.
And it is way past dinner, Pat.
I wanted to see
Stripesy's mech in action.
And then a plane
was in trouble.
- Big plane.
- Huge!
- Jumbo jet.
- Yeah, and he caught it.
You told Courtney you weren't
gonna be Starman anymore.
- I'm sorry about that, Court.
- Nope.
No, no, no. It was my idea
to take out the Staff.
Well, it's great, what
you both did saving a plane.
It's amazing, really.
Here. Please.
I'm, uh, sorry
for causing trouble.
It's not my intention to
be anything but helpful here.
You know, he actually means
it, 'cause he never apologizes.
All right?
And it's my fault too.
That's okay, Pat. Really.
It sounds like you both had
a lot of fun, and I'm glad.
Yeah. I mean,
we hadn't gotten to do that
for a long time, but...
I'm gonna get to work
on dinner.
I can tell everybody's hungry.
This is gonna be great.
Everybody ready?
- Yeah.
Okay. Mike, grab
that seasoning for me.
Seasoning?
What seasoning?
What seasonings
do we even have?
When do I help you cook?
- Hey.
Are you okay?
I lied to you.
I did come back for the Staff.
I thought so.
You could see
right through me, huh?
I just knew
there had to be something.
You know, when I came back
to life, which...
I realized I didn't have
a life to come back to.
I mean, my sister died.
My parents, who never won
a Mom and Dad
of the Year award,
I mean, they're gone too.
And I never married.
No kids.
All I ever had was Starman.
So I don't know
what I would do without it.
So you do want
the Staff back?
No.
I just thought that Pat
was holding the Staff
and that was that.
Then I saw you with the Staff,
and... it chose you.
I mean,
I'd never ask for it back,
'cause you're the future,
not me.
I know that.
But I can train you.
I can show you
some pretty great tricks.
And after that, I don't know.
Wait.
The Staff still works for you,
and I think it means something.
I don't know what,
but I can't just ignore that.
So...
What if we made
some kind of arrangement?
An arrangement?
When I'm at school,
the Staff is yours,
and when I'm out,
I'll take it back.
Like a tag team.
- I don't know.
- Yeah.
That's better for everybody, really.
- Courtney.
- That settles it.
Look out, world.
Starman is back.
That sounds pretty cool, right?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Wow.
Starman's back.
- Hey, Beth.
- Court.
There's trouble.
- There they are.
- Move it.
Open it!
Hurry up!
I know you have the key.
Hurry up now!
Five guys
and dollar-sign masks?
You needed all of us here
for this?
If you don't like it,
go home.
Hey.
Someone is in trouble, okay?
We do not have time for this.
- Stop! Whoo!
- ♪ Everybody dance now
- Hey!
- JSA! Let's go!
Who's next?
How's that for a tryout?
Artemis, one!
Bad guys, zero!
"Dearest Becky,
"My darling daughter,
"I write to you today
"to apologize
for the years lost.
"I wasn't there for your birth
or your birthdays.
"I wasn't there for you.
"I wish I could offer
more of an explanation
for my past errant ways."
So this is where
you guys hang out?
Your stepfather's
greasy garage?
Well, it's the only place
big enough to keep S.T.R.I.P.E.
It smells like
a gas station bathroom.
Are you gonna complain
about everything?
Well, we could meet
at my house,
where there's
comfortable chairs and wine.
We don't drink on the job.
We don't drink.
Not 21.
Oh, God.
Could this get any more lame?
Okay.
Here.
The criminals that hijacked
the truck tonight
are called the No Limit Gang.
They used to work for
The Gambler back in the day.
I'm trying to determine
if they were all in
on the robbery together.
Come on. You think this
is all just some coincidence?
The Gambler shows up
in Blue Valley
and his gang
a few miles outside of it?
Well, bad guys
like The Gambler
never really change,
now, do they?
This should all be done
in about an hour.
Yeah, no, this
is beyond boring.
Call me when something
exciting happens, kay?
Cindy, just--
The JSA isn't gonna work
if you let people like
Cindy Burman on the team.
Screw Cindy Burman.
Let's go after The Gambler.
He's guilty.
We all already know this.
Court, sorry,
but this little experiment
where we hang out
with supervillains, it's over.
Ice cold,
just how you like it.
Thanks.
- What a night.
- Mm.
That Courtney,
she's something else.
I know it.
And getting you and I both
back into the game?
Pfft, amazing.
You gotta make
the most of it.
You get a second chance, right?
Second chance
like the Crocks?
Or The Shade?
Dragon King's daughter?
Or The Gambler?
Well, I mean,
Courtney believes we should.
And well, so far, her heart,
it hasn't steered us wrong yet.
Look, I'm not saying
she's wrong.
These are predators
we're dealing with.
Every one of 'em.
Even so, to second chances.
- Second chances.
- Yeah.
And hey, if I'm really back,
that means you're officially
my sidekick again.
Sidekick?
Starman and Stripesy.
I've also just been
going by just S.T.R.I.P.E.
It's an acronym
for Subatomic Tactical...
- Gonna be fun.
- Robot Internet Pat Enhancer.
- Hmm.
- Hey.
The mustache is great.
You think so?
- See?
Isn't it weird
how I was dead?
I've been trying to see
if The Gambler's been
in communication
with his old gang,
but so far, nothing.
They could be working
without him.
I doubt it.
We're gonna wreck him.
We're going to give him
an opportunity to explain.
That's all.
Why are you so intent
on believing
any of them have changed,
Court?
Why are you giving someone
like The Gambler a chance?
Because he's trying to be
better for his daughter.
The Gambler,
of all people,
is a better dad
than mine ever was.
Oh, my!
What the heck?
- Oh, my gosh.
- Did you do that?
- What?
- What the heck is going on?
I didn't do it.
Greg, move your head.
Mad Ghost.